hi everybody i 'm making a video about the maincraft
pi
and today I will show you two mechanisms
one year more precisely even we will show with my
friend flush that's the usual mine
imitated one mechanism now i will show
camera side here flash came
let him go on like the other trap here
the second trap in the dew cane here such
here's the edition we all go now to the army
everything will usually show you can see everything here
ordinary major leads dripping mine saw
gold broke and it falls beneath it
burns fly
now we will show how they first he
put out and we now show the second
a spoon
follow me flash
here we come
comes in now we also pretend you can
was watching but the usual dude fell off
so i could gladly collect
reed well thats catch it falls sand
and it begins to shed all words
it takes off will do well and pass Unit
sho you all now we will show you how
make the first spoon
look first we'll take this away
it's a fairly easy trap for her
little material is necessary because there
is being spent on teacher plates here's why we
it is necessary to dig a hole
letters it can be done 4 here here 5
blocks him here
having thought five magi do the supreme here
we make six blocks like this
some act well here look this
it turns out even without a lounge clock here
leave the bottom of the pokeball because
it turns out that if we put for example
gravel
and who does not disappear here he has already set
This place where we do not take signs
just across the length can still
we can not everywhere he is more green
feel the area ideal imitation
it 's like
now just take any bow for example
the forest is more precisely its iron ores
and I started like this right on top of me
tablets that's all that's left so I do not
this so as not to fall falls still thought
all now we will show how to do the second
trap and and show and clean
will be because I got
see let's open it this even 5
bear cubes
and for example at least how much height you can
do striboga to take him that he
begins we put some water gone grew
mice
reed so I write the letter so here as
from any block we can do
whether it is enough to be a top
empty and the body is generally visible here no
we break the same and everything fights well personal
clicks all right all good luck all bye
hi everybody i 'm making a video about the maincraft
I will show you today